I do not want to keep seeing daredevil anymore
already already enriched to two we are very
excited for the premiere of dior's
bild and the fifth season of game of
thrones we just wanted to say hello I've
I am Laura and these are our
headlines this week has been incredible
so we start with statements of
kevin faith and about our arachnid
favorite product spider spider does everything
what he produces spider spider
since nobody would hold back to see
steven bleeding in the street
the new spider-man reboot will not be
a history of origin on the other hand
besides confirming that we will see again
a peter parker not yellow morals like
some speculated he stated that he
will be about a teenager of 15 or 16
years and his life in high school
definitely in contrast to the
other superiors of this universe do not
according to declared spider-man is already
in the ms or swinging by new york
in a homemade version of the suit just that
we have not seen it yet
is hot
He also confirmed that the
Royal costume that will keep more style
classic that we like so much we will know
Suddenly want to play our
friendly neighbor and while on that 'no
be good your plan to put together your
universe is finally taking shape this
week it was announced that the movie of
flash that will not be released until
2018 and it's being developed by
the directors of the lego movie
chris miller and floor
and it 's fine like that in the thing if warner and
they want to take all the time from
world to develop his films he
we give them but please do it right ok
this is important to us
and jumping from study to study
with the fox and the highly anticipated film of
pet full remembers of that touch test of
what could have been the movie of
deadpool that leaked a while ago
well thanks to the reactions to this
Fox material was encouraged to give the green light
with Ryan Reynolds giving him a well-deserved
second opportunity to interpret
white wilson as you said goodbye
today a touch is missing more pages here
production
thanks as I said, they have already started
filtering photographs of the filming of this
movie premiered in February 2016
written by the zombieland writers
and directed by tim miller but the most
important with the confirmation that
it will be a movie with restriction r
Over 18
the horse and see what he does
and finally this weekend
we were celebrating the day
international table games with
our rap friends edge and this was
a little bit of what we saw nothing
my note because everyone is playing
and nobody is really a grouping of
friends that met one day experience
slightly from board games
board games and at the time we
he bit the bug for trying to expand
the theme among our own friends
one of the things that we opt for
for board games is because the
Board games bring people closer
The first issue that you will find is the
interrelation that can be generated with 2
3 4 5 10 people around a
board the second is the grace that
You get to see the competition in
live and live board games
they also help you among many others
things to improve the fine motor to improve
the communication systems help you
in logical environments they have environments
Mathematicians improve you in every way
as a human being at the moment of
experiment and develop new
ready experiences the games are
totally free for all can all
play the only thing they need is
you feel like learning to want to play
I want to laugh for a while
necessary to see - Indian Mara spent everything
led to win kicks
and all for today do not forget to subscribe and
leave us your comments and if you like
I trained the link of our
friends of the world reset we see the
next week
It's super sexy like that
and jumping out of coffee house -
to the cafe
now
come to 10,1 card come back
I stopped seeing my work
but that spider spider does everything
can leave years
perhaps